I'm afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered.
My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
Why do fathers take an extra pair of socks when they go golfing? In case they get a hole in one!
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera.
What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common? They're both Paris sites.
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie? Sofishticated.
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow? You follow the fresh prints.
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims.
I thought the dryer was shrinking my clothes. Turns out it was the refrigerator all along.
why was six afraid of seven?  because seven is a registered six offender
What does a nosy pepper do? -Gets jalapeño business!
What do you call a snake that is 3.14 meters long? - A 𝛑thon
What's the difference between a hippo and a Zippo? One's really heavy; the other's a little lighter.
What do you call a factory that makes okay products? A satisfactory.
Dear Math, grow up and solve your own problems.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
Have you heard about the chocolate record player? It sounds pretty sweet.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved.
Why do seagulls fly over the ocean? Because if they flew over the bay, we'd call them bagels.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y.
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
What did one wall say to the other? I'll meet you at the corner.
What did the zero say to the eight? That belt looks good on you.
A skeleton walks into a bar and says, 'Hey, bartender. I'll have one beer and a mop.'
Where do fruits go on vacation? Pear-is!
I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing.
What did Baby Corn say to Mama Corn? Where's Pop Corn?
What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
What does a sprinter eat before a race? Nothing, they fast!
Where do you learn to make a banana split? Sundae school.
What has more letters than the alphabet? The post office!
Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got them all cut!
What do you call a poor Santa Claus? St. Nickel-less.
I got carded at a liquor store, and my Blockbuster card accidentally fell out. The cashier said never mind.
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the boat doc.
I don't trust those trees. They seem kind of shady.
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right!
How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut.
Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it!
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
What did one hat say to the other? Stay here! I'm going on ahead.
Why did Billy get fired from the banana factory? He kept throwing away the bent ones.
Dad, can you put my shoes on? No, I don't think they'll fit me.
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
What does a lemon say when it answers the phone? Yellow!
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in.
What kind of car does an egg drive? A yolkswagen.
Dad, can you put the cat out? I didn't know it was on fire.
How do you make 7 even? Take away the s.
How does a taco say grace? Lettuce pray.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
Why didn't the skeleton climb the mountain? It didn't have the guts.
What do you call it when a snowman throws a tantrum? A meltdown.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
I have a joke about chemistry, but I don't think it will get a reaction.
What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
What does a bee use to brush its hair? A honeycomb!
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all of its problems!
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.
My dad told me a joke about boxing. I guess I missed the punch line.
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers!
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.
How did Harry Potter get down the hill? Walking. JK! Rowling.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
A guy walks into a bar...and he was disqualified from the limbo contest.
You think swimming with sharks is expensive? Swimming with sharks cost me an arm and a leg.
When two vegans get in an argument, is it still called a beef?
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know...
Do you wanna box for your leftovers? No, but I'll wrestle you for them.
That car looks nice but the muffler seems exhausted.
Shout out to my fingers. I can count on all of them.
What country's capital is growing the fastest? Ireland. Every day it's Dublin.
I once had a dream I was floating in an ocean of orange soda. It was more of a fanta sea.
Did you know corduroy pillows are in style? They're making headlines.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's okay, he woke up.
A cheeseburger walks into a bar. The bartender says, 'Sorry, we don't serve food here.'
I once got fired from a canned juice company. Apparently I couldn't concentrate.
I used to play piano by ear. Now I use my hands.
Have you ever tried to catch a fog? I tried yesterday but I mist.
I'm on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize.
I've got a great joke about construction, but I'm still working on it.
I used to hate facial hair...but then it grew on me.
I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner—it was just gathering dust!
I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I've never looked back since.
You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
Why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the 'P' is silent.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs!
What's the best smelling insect? A deodor-ant.
I used to be a personal trainer. Then I gave my too weak notice.
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head!
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know.
It takes guts to be an organ donor.
If you see a crime at an Apple Store, does that make you an iWitness?
I'm so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didn't like it.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
What do you call a belt made of watches? A waist of time.
What happens when a strawberry gets run over crossing the street? Traffic jam.
What do you call two monkeys that share an Amazon account? Prime mates.
What do you call a pony with a sore throat? A little hoarse.
Where do math teachers go on vacation? Times Square.
Whenever I try to eat healthy, a chocolate bar looks at me and Snickers.
What does garlic do when it gets hot? It takes its cloves off.
What's a robot's favorite snack? Computer chips.
How much does it cost Santa to park his sleigh? Nothing, it's on the house.
Mountains aren't just funny. They're hill areas.
What do clouds wear? Thunderwear.
Why are piggy banks so wise? They're filled with common cents.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? He neverlands.
How do you get a good price on a sled? You have toboggan.
How can you tell if a tree is a dogwood tree? By its bark.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
It's inappropriate to make a 'dad joke' if you're not a dad. It's a faux pa.
What do you call a hot dog on wheels? Fast food!
Where do young trees go to learn? Elementree school.
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents.
Can February March? No, but April May!
How do lawyers say goodbye? We'll be suing ya!
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind—it's tearable.
What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream.
Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants.
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy.
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
What's an astronaut's favorite part of a computer? The space bar.
I don't play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I'm just doing it for kicks!
Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.
What did the coffee report to the police? A mugging.
What did the fish say when he hit the wall? Dam.
Is this pool safe for diving? It deep ends.
If you see a crime happen at the Apple store, what does it make you? An iWitness.
Did you hear that I'm reading a book about anti-gravity? It's impossible to put down.
Which is faster, hot or cold? Hot, because you can catch a cold.
What's brown and sounds like a bell? Dung!
What did the photon say when asked if she needed to check a bag? "No thanks, I'm traveling light!"
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
Did you know milk is the fastest liquid on earth? It's pasteurized before you even see it.
What did one ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing, they just waved.
Why did everyone enjoy being around the volcano? It's just so lava-ble.
What kind of music do the planets listen to? Nep-tunes!
What did the big flower say to the tiny flower? "Hey there bud!"
Why are skeletons so calm? Because nothing gets under their skin.
What did Mars ask Saturn? "Hey, can you give me a ring some time?"
Why can't you trust an atom? Because they make up everything.
What do clouds do when they become rich? They make it rain!
Why shouldn't you make fun of a paleontologist? Because you will get Jurasskicked.
Want to hear a potassium joke? K.
Why are helium, curium, and barium the medical elements? Because if you can't heal-ium or cure-ium, you bury-um.
What's the fastest way to determine the sex of a chromosome? Pull down his genes!
How did the chemist feel about oxygen and potassium hanging out? OK.
What is it called when Silver Surfer and Iron Man team up? Alloys.
Why can't a leopard hide? Because he's always spotted.
What do you call an illegally parked frog? Toad.
How do moths swim? Using the butterfly stroke.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? 10 tickles.
Do you know the story about the chicken that crossed the road? Me neither, I couldn't follow it.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk!
Where do baby cats learn to swim? The kitty pool.
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
How can a leopard change his spots? By moving.
What did the duck say when it bought chapstick? "Put it on my bill!"
What does a cow use to do math? A cow-culator.
What would bears be without the letter B? Ears.
What do you get if you cross an angry sheep with a moody cow? An animal that's in a baaaaaaaaad moooooooood.
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course! Buildings can't jump.
What did the alpaca say to his date? "Want to go on a picnic? Alpaca lunch."
Why do seagulls fly over the sea? If they flew over the bay, they'd be called bagels.
Why are snails bad at racing? They're sluggish.
What do you call a penguin in the White House? Lost.
What do you call a kangaroo's lazy joey? A pouch potato.
How does a boar sign its name? With a pig pen.
Why did the Karen press Control Alt Delete? She wanted to speak to the Task Manager.
Why are there no cats on Mars? Because Curiosity killed the cat.
What do spinning tops call there mates? bae-blades.
As I was standing in front of the mirror naked this morning, I thought.. I'm gonna get kicked out of this IKEA
I am afraid of elevators But I am taking steps to avoid them
What do you call a policeman in his bed? An undercover cop
How did the hamburger get the bun pregnant? The condiment broke.
Don't challenge death to a pillow fight If you are not ready for the reaper cushions
What did one snowman say to the other snow man? Do you smell carrot?
Why can't a leopard hide? Because he's always spotted.
How do trees access the internet? They log on.
I love my furniture. My recliner and I go way back.
I lost 25% of my roof last night...oof.
They say that during sex you burn off as many calories as running eight miles. Who the hell runs eight miles in 30 seconds?
What do you call an expert fisherman? A Master Baiter.
What's the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer? The taste!
I switched the labels on my wife's spice rack.  I'm not in trouble yet, but the thyme is cumin
What's the difference between a hippo and a Zippo? One's really heavy; the other's a little lighter.
ME: what's the name of that soft french cheese we liked?  HER: camembert  ME: me either
My 11 y/o daughter just casually told me she wants to start a company where people can order bacon, ham and sausage delivered to their house and call it "Hamazon." This is why the world has billionaires.
Someone posted they had just baked some synonym buns. I replied, you mean just like the ones grammar used to make? I'm blocked now.
What`s the difference between a cat and a comma?  A cat has claws at the end of paws and a comma is a pause at the end of a clause.
Maybe superheroes wear capes to hide the zipper on the back of their onesie.
I once new a guy who cross-bread insects for fun, but eventually I got tired of his crazy ant ticks.
Have you heard about that new fad of skydiving without a parachute? It's a once in a lifetime opportunity.
I was washing the car with my son yesterday He kept shouting, 'Mum, stop! Why can't you use a sponge!'
What kind of cars do sushi chefs drive? Rolls rice!
What type of music do balloons hate ? Pop music
My cloning experiments finally paid off. I'm so excited, I'm beside myself.
Why don't Twitter users make good soldiers? They are always too quick to retweet.
I was told I'll never be good at poetry because I'm dyslexic. But so far I`ve made 3 jugs and a vase and they are lovely.
Did you hear about the Giant with diarrhea?? It's all over town.
Why was the broom late to class?  It over-swept!
Did you hear about the Italian chef who died? ..........He pasta-way.
Why does Snoop Dogg use an umbrella? For drizzle.
Reddit banned me from commenting on posts about trains. They said I kept derailing the discussion.
What did the grape say when it got crushed? Nothing, it just let out a little wine
My friend drove his expensive car into a tree and found out how his Mercedes bends.
I keep all my dad jokes in a dad-a-base.
Everyone looks at me when I use the elevator. I'm going to have to take the stares
Two hyenas were eating a clown One looks at the other and says "does this taste funny to you?"
A spider just crawled into my keyboard.  It's okay, I have it under Ctrl
I'm thinking about getting a job cleaning mirrors... It's just something I can see myself doing.
I told my daughter, "Did you know that humans eat more bananas than monkeys?" She rolled her eyes at me, but I persevered. "It's true!" "When was the last time you ate a monkey?!"
Did you hear about the amnesiac drummer who had to learn to play again? He suffered some re-percussions.
What do you get when you cross a duck with fireworks? A firequacker.
What do bees chew? Bumblegum
If James Hetfield officiated Kermit and Piggy's wedding he would be Pastor of Muppets
All fungi are edible.  Some fungi are only edible once.
Left brain: I had a dream about breakfast last night.  Right brain: what happened in your dream?  Left Brain: I don't know but it was very cereal...
I just watched a documentary on beavers… It was the best Dam show I’ve ever seen!
What do you get when you cross a lamb and a rocket? A space sheep
Why couldn't the bicycle make it up the hill? It was two tired
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet.  I don't know Y.
How do you wake up Lady Gaga? Poke her face.
Where does Phil Collins record his music? At the Stu Stu Studio
